c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Services.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Services.pdb
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\obj\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\obj\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Services.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\obj\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Services.pdb
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Data.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Models.dll
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Data.pdb
c:\users\abraham\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\NorthwindWebAPI.Models.pdb
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\abraham\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\NorthwindWebAPI\NorthwindWebAPI.Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
